good guys welcome a video of gt5
online here we are back with
subscribers and has resigned nor have
outraged or are we back here from
a kind of pretty cool career
because there is a kind of acrobatics
because everything is species and lately
I say cojones
as if everything were kind but there is here
a kind of after there is a kind
of you know how all kinds of kind mode
of equal that does not matter if they have because
what matters is winning the victory
get the highest score
the highest score because the highest
score like you do not know let's see
to guys really this has good
it paints but it's also a bit
complicated eye to the game game game
I play mariña as we nailed her acclaimed
without a nail they also try to nail
explodes goes to see what they have then not
imported daughters of tutoring banderita
thanks for guys low does not pass
quiet that not with the panic that walks
discount two technicians guys okay I'll
third and study worth it seems this one
tongue of a pokémon uncle this ramp no
cojones and manco that I am and on top of floating
ee uu and almost and now it would seem that
it seems because if I think faster
has remembered the language is of the pokemon
rose that there was a pokémon curtain the
team rocker he has rojito how he
call
perfect seconds we go seconds boys
It's worth subscribing, I know I had
here on day 3 the first one to see
in men first so go to your
house is that he wants to get involved because
you want and point is worth it I'm going
second if you have to do to take
around here and smoked there is a companion worth
x because the car was thrown in that
car 22 does not have to be there has
that is catching the points because
late did not ask for the point to get
So far cases it does not matter this
it looks like it's quite complete tico
It's worth it and I want it to be done
there is worth here I do not fall
it's not very complicated you like to live my
limit is pretty fucked let's go
calm you not when panic
in addition they are two turns all the feet
it's two laps here you have to fall
105 more because you can not upload
once you fall you accelerate to
go ahead to not up here
I'm honestly in the trick
so please do not want to confirm it
but I think it has passed by here
there is careful care companion take care
as a companion several visits has passed
it's ok no, it's not happened to us, I think so
perfect but the time you have to
to do is in the trampita is to take the
branch is worth a yes as I do not stop
take the ramp that is out there and take
the point by the ramp without doing
legally I think what is
trying I think is I do not want worth
OK
perfect without cartons there is perfect
and now we do not have it we have we have
madryn because if you have very little to
little come, perfect, we have it right
now yes we go first perfect
as if as exploited well guys
we have a return to the team of
titular extras the piece is worth here
We saw the dot for good well good
although there are guys ok
is controlled he got away from the jump and I
something and I took flick around here and nailed it
when speaking the work then more line
perfect be perfect that perfectly
ok we are missing 23 points of
control to complete the first round
and we will start with the second round
base here and the perfect and now with
the second round that this is going to be the
perfect turn just like this jump
monthly badri here for guys not
I have no pressure but of course
we do not have to decay the rhythm because in
any time you can reach someone
and snatch my job and they just keep
access to no paper and office tree
it's a very funny crisis county
we have to indicate everything trees do not
there was an account
over here I am my god what a preciousness of
curves
voucher voucher voucher voucher voucher
around here and we believe the car behind
but the climate forward more than that
ok then we go to the gentlemen care
Care or your own points
there is another important point well and now
we will have to take the new croatia
let's try past the first one that
you seem to have seen that we passed the
first is not obviously not
easy or yes because if you leave everyone a like
made no treatment made the bad guys and a
So, I'm going to have a lot of car
to roll yes or yes now try to get through
here without anyone noticing
I presented it worth it uses the
league has me bundled uncle begged the
click web wood ok if I do not get it
let the world light worth voucher voucher
is that of course I tried to do that
because there was the average car
OK
and now please
OK OK OK Please let the
guys and now I can move forward
there it is there it is totally empty and
now
my mother I got it, it takes very
well also very well
to see what followed uncles here is
easy actually I usually tell them
the trick from the beginning is up
guys I've got him uncle the first time
and incredible
the issue but when he sends
let's have here like super sock
Christmas but good equal or more
tall
I have an electric car that is
perfectly funny
but good the life of these guys
we will finish it properly for
missing a checkpoint guys good
he has as he says this
and that's okay , nothing happens
15 projects is the ball quite ships
of holy favorites and let's go sides is to create
stage songs and see you in the
next goodbye
Y